So let's go ahead and
take ten minutes to go ahead and
design our own research.
So grab a piece of paper
if you need one or
open up an excel spreadsheet and
get going here.
We wonder,
list the questions you'd like to answer
through user research activities.
Describe how those answers will inform
your strategy and recommendations.
List the assumptions you've
made related to that question.
And list any related data or
conclusions you've drawn based
on current data and research.
So what I would start with is
I would just start with what
are questions you have about your users?
List three, four, and
then slowly take yourself through
each of these steps, okay?